Shruti...
How much do I write here? I guess I can start from the first year itself...We both had a rather unforeseen discovery in the BEEE lecture! Who knew we were relatives!! And plus we had a background noise from DIvya and Janavi for that lecture...we didn't pay attention to a single bit of ma'am was talking about...but then again when have we paid any attention? We bonded over books, classical songs, Marathi movies that we use as references and our friends don't understand a single thing about, jokes and Satara!!I manned your stall in the first and demanded to be given a reward for it...thanks, btw!
In secind year, we both were super busy with Baja and Robocon so we used to sit on the first bench every lecture to compensate our study hours, though it helped little cos we never concentrated anyways. We (the electrical sub-system) visted you Robocon guys so many times, borrowing your stuff and never returning it in time. We had a night out at Tanvi's and I decided to sleep on the ground when you and Tanvi were on the bed then we started clicking bhootwala photos and I got so scared by my own hair that I slept between the two of you!!! We had so many plans back then, talking about different innovations that we can implement but never doing it.
Third year...we bunked so many lectures, especially the robotics ones. We have so many memories of bunking labs and lectures just to play cards in your hostel. We had opted for that movie appreciation just to eat snacks and watch the movies...remember when we bought a lot of chips and Coke just to watch that dreadful Braxilian movie...We were so disturbed by that movis that we didn't even talk after that lecture! We have so many memories of revising before exams and getting panicked at the last minute!
Fourth year was something else...it all began with choosing our first project and tehn regreting choosing it. Then getting panicked and choosing our second and final project. We literally stayed up the enitre night at Tanvi's place to complete the first half of the project, getting the report ready and when you finally slept, Tanvi and I pranked you!! Then we went to MOOD INDIGO and had a blast! We were so annoyed at one point...we had to wait in line for Rahul Subramanium's show like for 2 hrs! We missed KK show, you fell, we laughed...oh, it was a blast! I know I annoyed you with my exam preparations, calling you to check on your progress and making you all nervous! We had so many plans, dude...bloody coronavirus!
Really, Shrutya...you have been an amazing friend, the mature person in our group, the hero of most of our jokes which you have always taken so sportly. You have always been a morning person...uggghh...you probably love the SUN more thana anything in you life!! 
Never change, dear...you are the best, you rock!
We have so many years ahead of of us and all of them surely better than the previous ones...
Lots of love,
Ruta 