Greetings my dear Div B ,
                   I still remember day 1 of my Engineering college.I had only one friend who was  from my town and we were separated in 2 divisions , putting her in A div and me in B. I was nervous on the first day that I had lost only friend of mine unaware of the fact that I was gonna make 74 new ones.
                   I don't know how but I gathered the courage to stand in front of the whole class and announced about creating WhatsApp group ..Maybe it was fear of being alone and chance of making new friends and the group later proved to a base camp for exchanging notes , Fighting pit of the match Laocallites vs Hostellites (Tagline: We won't support you in future if you don't support us right now), planning spot for mass bunks and how to reply teachers.
                     The class was then divided into smaller groups and didn't have much of a unity.But Gandhaar arrived and everyone was united again.Teams were made for singing ,dancing and what not..And everyone helped each other besides not being a part of the group ..Let it be makeup for dance group or selecting songs for singing group.
                     Second year and third year passed away and group experienced only two major events in those 2 years …
1.Industrial Visit to Antenna unit (basically Dumb Cherads journey)
2.Trip to GMRT (which was supposed to be Industrial visit but really was Antakshari And Dance party )
(P.S. : Remember the song "Aditi la gas zala?")


                 Aur phir wo ghadi aa gayi….
It was our first sem of fourth year and placements were going on…
And HoD entered the class and scold us about attendance and demanded our absenty reasons for every day..   
This is where the whole  class united.
I still remember all of us waiting outside HoD cabin waiting for the decision of suspension.
We all were together there...No small groups or batches …..We literally understood the meaning of "United we stand ,divided we fall" on that day.
                We passed our first sem and then Gandhaar arrived in sem 2 .Our last Gandhaar… We had prepared a lot for this right? Dance performances , Fashion show props , costumes , rehearsals wearing heels and what not….but We couldn't enjoy our last ever Gandhaar.
              And also the Maniquin challenge ….it wasn't really easy to control all of us and take a good video.Thanks Sapna for all the efforts...Now at least we have a bunch of weirdos faking poses (and some people in their natural poses) standing still captured in the camera with an appropriate music track in the background. 
             Yes , the journey with you guys had been wonderful and making me nostalgic while writing this article for our yearbook.
              I wish you guys all the very best for your future and hoping to see you all successful in life when we have reunion in 10 years . 
          Also , thank you Meghana Bhange and Shriya Pawar for this memorable book.
Love you all!
                                     ~Shruti Tol☺️