Divya....
D-D-D-Dangerous Divya!! The sweetest girl I have ever met and always so full of life. You have an amplifier fitted in your voicebox since you were born but have never tried to adjust the gain...how many time have we suggested you to do that,huh? You have always been so hot tempered that Dangerous is the only adjective suitable for you. But, at the same time you are the most loyal friend and have always been a great juggadu. 
When I first met you in the first year, I thought you were probably innocent and a little shy...but you proved me wrong in just one week. I remember you taking Janavi's interview and I was sittting on the first bench, laughing my ass off! You were so excited about Gandhaar, you always are...you have plans for the entire fest! And you are slave-driver...making all of us agree on what to wear and what to do. You have always made plans in our group and we have always spoiled them. You are the only pne who is always ready for an outing, never dissapointing us.
We had so much fun in Mahabaleshwar...all those photos! Strawberry with cream, pizza , sandwichs at Mapro!! We both are foodies so we bonded a lot on that, you know the best places to eat in Pune better than any person born in Pune! You know every galli-bol of Pune...You are an exception to all the Marwadis I know of! Your juggads have helped us all these years, even in Coffee nation! We have been exam buddies in the exam hall and have always looked at each other and laughed...we have always morally supported each other during exams! You have a fun personality that we all enjoy!
I always call you before exams and disturb your mental balance, I will never feel sorry for that,btw...I enjoy troubling you cos you have the best reactions! We have shared so many memories since our first year...we have had almost the same marks till fourth year...I never hath chodo you and Shruti! We always did nonsense things in lecture...we played so many games. You introduced me to all new songs in Bollywood...I still relate you with badari Ki Dulhania song and Chogada song. You have criticized all my hygenic habits, less knowledge of Bollywood but I forgive you, cos I'm a very forgiving person.
You are very strong willed, enthusiastic, fierce and the best friend anyone could have!! Never change, Dangerous...
To our Dangerous Divya, Daring Divya, Dazzling Divya, Delightful Divya, Dauntless Divya!!! 
To all the years ahead of us, to all the memories we have yet to make, to our friendship....
Lots of Love,
Ruta