Mojo Mojo! Yaar tere baare mein jitna bhi likh loon kam hi hai. Our friendship didn’t start under very happy circumstances..but well here are today. You’ve been my partner in crime these past few years. I remember meeting a very innocent, naive girl in 2nd year. The first time I came to your place in Warje, I definitely didn’t know it was the beginning of a forever friendship. You’ve accepted me for who I am and I can never thank you enough for that. I was there when you started swiping and I was there when you thought you hit a jackpot. Tera mere liye roz 10 min hostel ke bahar wait karna, Durga ki cold coffee aur maggie, and then peeche jaakar mere liye khareed ke lana..these are just a few of the things which have played a vital role in my life. You’ve always been there for me. Whether it was me hitting rock bottom or me achieving new heights, we’ve always gotten through everything together. I love how we could randomly go meet the other person when we were having a bad day. And we’d spend hours just talking about random things and magically all the shit felt lighter. We used to go for so many dates just because we could :p Fancy dinners, sexy lunches and sasta street food..we’ve had all kinds of dates. Oh! And how can I even forget the swimming pool scene. You swim like a dying fish who can only see blotches of colour! But then again Earthen pots after that was totally worth. I never thought I’d drive to Lonavala all by myself but thanks to you that’s also been ticked off. Add being kicked out of a restaurant to that long list of things we’ve experienced together. I’ve also met some amazing people because of you so I guess I could thank you for that. But then again you’d never have them in your life if it wasn’t for me..so I take the thank you back :p
I love you Rishita Potluri. And I promise to clean up the shit you create in your life no matter where I am. Thank you for being my sidekick. I won’t even tell you to stay in touch because I’m sure you will. Just know my life would’ve been very different had it not been for your optimism and bubbly personality always lingering around.